contents/home.md, before:


#### News

<strong style="color:red;"><strong>I’m actively looking for Machine Learning System and MLLM/LLM Industrial/Research Opportunity.</strong></strong> If you need a reliable teammate who is familiar with <strong style="color:red;"><strong>both NLP and computer systems </strong></strong> with <strong style="color:red;"><strong>extensive industry experiences</strong></strong>, feel free to <a href="#contact-info">Contact Me</a>!


#### Biography

My name is Jerry Yin. I am currently a senior Undergraduate Student pursuing a bachelor's Degree in computer science at College of Liberal Arts, University of Minnesota Twin Cities, supervised by Prof. [Zirui Liu](https://zirui-ray-liu.github.io/). In the summer of 2023, I visited [TsinghuaNLP](https://github.com/thunlp) and conducted research under Prof. [Zhiyuan Liu](https://nlp.csai.tsinghua.edu.cn/~lzy/). 

I have experience in NLP and computer systems(both architecture and high performance machine learning systems), along with extensive industry research internship experience. This includes:

* Participating in the pretraining of the Yi-Large model at 01.AI.
* Contributing to ML Infra of the pretraining of the foundation model at ModelBest (with TsinghuaNLP).
* Participating in the finetuning of the CodeLLM [Raccoon](https://raccoon.sensetime.com/code) (Copilot-like) at SenseTime (with CUHK MMLab).

#### Research Interests

My current passion revolves around building **EFFICIENT** system solutions to AGI, this includes:

1. <strong><strong>Machine Learning System</strong></strong> 
    * Training: Design more effective training system and algorithms, examples include [BMTrain](https://github.com/OpenBMB/BMTrain).
    * Parameter Efficient Fine Turing (PEFT): Improve LoRA-like architecture and low bit model compression. 
    * Long context inference: example includes [Cross Layer Attention](https://github.com/JerryYin777/Cross-Layer-Attention).
2. <strong><strong>LLM & LLM applications</strong></strong> 
    * CodeLLM
    * Foundation LLM (Yi-lightning)
    * RAG (GraphRAG): Examples includes [PaperHelper](https://github.com/JerryYin777/PaperHelper).

#### Misc

* Before transferring to the University of Minnesota, I studied at Nanchang University, majoring in Artificial Intelligence in a top-tier class with a School Academic Special Scholarship. I was the leader of Nanchang University Supercomputer Cluster Team ([NCUSCC](https://ncuscc.github.io/)) Leader, with experience of ASC22 and SC23(IndySCC). 

* I am passionate about open source and firmly believe in its potential to disseminate knowledge widely, leverage technology to lead innovation to the world and contribute to the advancement of human society. I am proud to have garnered over **1k stars** and acquired over **340 followers** on [GitHub](https://github.com/JerryYin777). I occasionally share my explorations in the machine learning system and LLM field on [Zhihu](https://www.zhihu.com/people/ycr222/posts) in Mandarin.

* I love league of legends and valorant games!

#### Contact<p id="contact-info"></p>

* ✉️ [yin00486 [at] umn.edu](mailto:yin00486@umn.edu)

Commit message:

modified:   contents/config.yml 	modified:   contents/home.md 	modified:   contents/project.md 	modified:   static/css/styles.css

contents/home.md, after:


[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jerry-yin-a21314292/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/JerryYin777)
[![Google Scholar](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Scholar-%230A4D92?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlescholar&logoColor=white)](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7gsdLw4AAAAJ&hl=en#)
[![知乎](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E7%9F%A5%E4%B9%8E-%231E2A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=zhihu&logoColor=blue)](https://www.zhihu.com/people/ycr222/posts)




#### News

<strong style="color:red;"><strong>I’m actively looking for Machine Learning System and MLLM/LLM Industrial/Research Opportunity.</strong></strong> If you need a reliable teammate who is familiar with <strong style="color:red;"><strong>both NLP and computer systems </strong></strong> with <strong style="color:red;"><strong>extensive industry experiences</strong></strong>, feel free to <a href="#contact-info">Contact Me</a>!


#### Biography

My name is Jerry Yin. I am currently a senior Undergraduate Student pursuing a bachelor's Degree in computer science at College of Liberal Arts, University of Minnesota Twin Cities, supervised by Prof. [Zirui Liu](https://zirui-ray-liu.github.io/). In the summer of 2023, I visited [TsinghuaNLP](https://github.com/thunlp) and conducted research under Prof. [Zhiyuan Liu](https://nlp.csai.tsinghua.edu.cn/~lzy/). 

I have experience in NLP and computer systems(both architecture and high performance machine learning systems), along with extensive industry research internship experience. This includes:

* Participating in the pretraining of the Yi-Large model at 01.AI.
* Contributing to ML Infra of the pretraining of the foundation model at ModelBest (with TsinghuaNLP).
* Participating in the finetuning of the CodeLLM [Raccoon](https://raccoon.sensetime.com/code) (Copilot-like) at SenseTime (with CUHK MMLab).

#### Research Interests

My current passion revolves around building **EFFICIENT** system solutions to AGI, this includes:

1. <strong><strong>Machine Learning System</strong></strong> 
    * Training: Design more effective training system and algorithms, examples include [BMTrain](https://github.com/OpenBMB/BMTrain).
    * Parameter Efficient Fine Turing (PEFT): Improve LoRA-like architecture and low bit model compression. 
    * Long context inference: example includes [Cross Layer Attention](https://github.com/JerryYin777/Cross-Layer-Attention).
2. <strong><strong>LLM & LLM applications</strong></strong> 
    * CodeLLM
    * Foundation LLM (Yi-lightning)
    * RAG (GraphRAG): Examples includes [PaperHelper](https://github.com/JerryYin777/PaperHelper).

#### Misc

* Before transferring to the University of Minnesota, I studied at Nanchang University, majoring in Artificial Intelligence in a top-tier class with a School Academic Special Scholarship. I was the leader of Nanchang University Supercomputer Cluster Team ([NCUSCC](https://ncuscc.github.io/)) Leader, with experience of ASC22 and SC23(IndySCC). 

* I am passionate about open source and firmly believe in its potential to disseminate knowledge widely, leverage technology to lead innovation to the world and contribute to the advancement of human society. I am proud to have garnered over **1k stars** and acquired over **340 followers** on [GitHub](https://github.com/JerryYin777). I occasionally share my explorations in the machine learning system and LLM field on [Zhihu](https://www.zhihu.com/people/ycr222/posts) in Mandarin.

* I love league of legends and valorant games!

#### Contact<p id="contact-info"></p>

</strong></strong>I am very enthusiastic about discussing academic issues or any interesting project-related topics! </strong></strong> If you'd like to engage in a discussion or collaborate, feel free to contact me via email at any time. If you're an undergraduate student feeling uncertain, especially from a diverse background, and hope to gain some learning experiences from me, I also warmly welcome that!

* ✉️ [yin00486 [at] umn.edu](mailto:yin00486@umn.edu)
